⚡ Hackathon Project Template ⚡
This is a sample submission repository. Please fork this repo and use this as a starting point for your hackathon project.

SuperPay

Ibadan, Nigeria, Africa.
Team Members
Latunde Oluwanifemi, Full stack developer
Rosanwo Oluwatowo, Full stack developer
Oguntade Ayooluwa, Back end developer

Project Description
SuperPay is a Celo blockchain based web infrastructure that allows merchants and business owners to accept payments in any asset on the Celo ecosystem. 
At SuperPay, we make it easy for merchants and developers to use Celo assets for payments and to accept payments and also monitor earnings and expenses.
At SuperPay, we look to solve the problem of limited adoption of crypto assets as a method of payment instead of a fiat speculative asset by making it easy for merchants to integrate and manage payments using crypto assets. 
We also look to eliminate some cumbersome steps developers go through while trying to integrate Celo based assets for payment such as wallet connect, indexers, Celo SDKs etc. by providing a well documented developer API with SDKs and code samples for easy integration.
On the other hand, tracking payments or transactions on Celo Explorer might be quite confusing and overwhelming as there are lots of assets and transactions to different addresses going on. With SuperPay , you can easily add basic descriptions or tags to your transactions to  help track and manage earnings and expenses. 
At SuperPay, we seek to eliminate lots of cumbersome steps for merchants and developers on the Celo blockchain in accepting payments and creating payment links respectively.
The product also seeks to keep transactions analytics for merchants for ease of refer.

Summary
Landing page
Connect wallet
Payment link generation page
Transaction history
Payment link generation API
Transaction history API
Javascript SDK for Embedded links
Python SDK support


URLs
No URLs availabe yet

Presentation
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Z8gyl4D2tfuVy3Xjr58R4OysbXwhNDGKuEc8533ZYMo/edit?usp=sharing

Next Steps
This project is still in the ideation stage and would require funding to be built to its working stage.

Hackathon track 
Build with Celo Hackathon phase 1 

License
This repository includes an unlicensed statement though you may want to choose a different license.
